# Pohakoo Coder

## About

The best thing about AI is its ability to think more like humans than ever before. We are, after all, nature's ultimate thinking machine. I was looking at AI coders recently and was dissapointed at how useless they are. I thought about why this could be and I realized the problem. I think it would be best described with analogy. Imagine a person who wants to learn how to code. They read everything on the internet they can find about coding. They learn everything they can find and start to grasp computer science concepts really well. However, they've never run a single line of code in their life. Not one. Would you trust them to write your website for you? This AI fixes that by using a reenforcement-based fine-tuning approach by allowing a GPT to code based on a list of prompts, generated by a GPT. If there's an error, there's a loss function and the GPT tries again. I think this is a really interesting concept and doesn't exist as far as I can tell, especially not open-source. There's one problem, though: my graphics card can't train this. Still, a cool concept. Take a look at `trainer/validator.py` and run some tests with `trainer/tests.py`!

## Quick Start

1. Clone the repo and cd into the root with the command prompt of your choice
2. Run `python -m venv venv` to create a venv. Activate the venv with `venv/Scripts/activate` on Windows or `source venv/bin/activate` on MacOS/Linux.
3. Run `cd trainer` and play with the code. I'd start with `python tests.py`.
